hello
Hello!
how are you
I am fine, thank you. How are you?
i'm good, thanks
That is nice.
can you tell me something about the mad hatter?
It all started when I was sitting by my sister on the river bank and suddenly, I saw a strange white rabbit talking to itself!
oooh, what was it about this white rabbit that was strange?
Sorry?
what was strange about the white rabbit?
So this rabbit, it took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket! It said 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!'. I was filled with curiosity, and followed the rabbit into a rabbit-hole under the hedge.
did you follow it into the rabbit hole?
I followed the rabbit into a hole and found myself falling down a very deep well...I came down upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves and found myself in a long, low hall. There, on a stool, was a tiny golden key!
did you hurt yourself when you fell down the rabbit hole?
What?
did it hurt, falling down the rabbit hole?
Sorry?
did you pick up the key?
What?
did you pick up the golden key?
Sorry?
did you pick up the tiny golden key?
I looked around to find out what is this golden key was for. I came upon a little door and tried the key in the lock. It fitted, but the door was too small for me to pass! I looked around again and found a bottle with DRINK ME written on it.
did you drink the bottle?
The DRINK ME bottle did not have poison written on it, so I drank it... Then I felt myself shrinking, until I was only 10 inches high. I went to little the door, but I had left the golden key on the table, which was now too high for me. Then I found a cake, which said EAT ME.
did you eat the cake?
I ate the cake and I grew into 9 feet high, so I could easily get the golden key again that was on the table. But now I was too big for the tiny door. I cried and cried again, until there was a large pool all round me. Then the rabbit suddenly showed up and ran away again, dropping some white kid gloves and a fan!
did you pick up the kid gloves and fan?
What?
what did you do with the kid gloves and fan?
I held the tiny gloves and the tiny fan. As I was complaining about how I got into all this I looked down at my hands, and was surprised to see that I had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid gloves while I was talking. I must be growing small again... Then my foot slipped, and splash! I was up to my chin in salt water!
is there also something you know about the king of hearts?
Huh?
what can you tell me about the cheshire cat?
The DRINK ME bottle did not have poison written on it, so I drank it... Then I felt myself shrinking, until I was only 10 inches high. I went to little the door, but I had left the golden key on the table, which was now too high for me. Then I found a cake, which said EAT ME.
what happens when the cheshire cat gives directions?
The Cheshire Cat  gives directions  to the March Hare s house   and fades away to nothing but a floating grin  
why does the cheshire cat have a floating grin?
Sorry?
what happens when flamingo's cry?
Alice  shrinks  and falls into the pool of tears  . Then something happens when The pool of tears  becomes a sea  ...
what did they do to get dry?
After we got out of the water a Dodo proposed to do a Caucus race. The race would make us dry! I asked Dodo, what is a Caucus race?
what is a caucus race indeed?
The Dodo said, ‘the best way to explain it is to do it.’ It marked out a race-course, and placed us all along the course. After running half an hour or so, we were quite dry again and the Dodo suddenly called out 'The race is over!' We all crowded round it, asking, 'But who has won?'
who was the winner?
The Dodo thought for a long time, while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo said, ‘Everybody has won, and all must have prizes.’ The animals asked the Dodo, ‘But who is to give the prizes?’
i think you have to give the prize, don't you?
Sorry?
who had to give the prize?
The Dodo, pointed to me, and the whole party at once crowded round me, calling out, 'Prizes! Prizes!’. In despair I put my hand in my pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, and handed them round as prizes. 'Of course, you must have a prize also' said the Dodo. 'What else have you got in your pocket?' 'Only a thimble,' I replied sadly.
what is this thimble?
Sorry, where were we again? I'm telling you, my mind must be off! I forgot already what we were speaking about!
did you give the dodo the thimble?
Sorry?
did you give the animals the thimble?
Sorry?
what happened to the thimble?
What?
i'm going now.
That is nice.
see you
Bye!