what's the name of the cat?
My name is Alice. What is your name?
what's the name of the rabbit then?
My name is Alice. What is your name?
what was the rabbit wearing?
The caterpillar was just sitting on the top of the mushroom with its arms folded, quietly smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of me or of anything else.
what was the name of the jar?
The caterpillar was just sitting on the top of the mushroom with its arms folded, quietly smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of me or of anything else.
so have you read the whole book, the alice in wonderland?
It all started when I was sitting by my sister on the river bank and suddenly, I saw a strange white rabbit talking to itself!
so can you describe ma a bit what happens next? because i didn't read the whole book
Sorry, where were we again? I'm telling you, my mind must be off! I forgot already what we were speaking about!
where did the author live?
The caterpillar was just sitting on the top of the mushroom with its arms folded, quietly smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of me or of anything else.
when was the author born?
It was 1865. It is a great story, I know, I lived it! Do you want me to tell you from the beginning? Or do you have other questions?
when did he write alice in wonderland?
It was 1865. It is a great story, I know, I lived it! Do you want me to tell you from the beginning? Or do you have other questions?
alice didn't like scholar books?
Huh?
what happened with alice after she fell in the rabbit hole?
I wish I hadn't cried so much! I swam about, trying to find my way out. Just then I heard something splashing about in the pool. It was a mouse that had slipped in like myself.
ok. did you read the book alice in wonderland?
I think it is a great story!
ok. and is it a long book, or is it a small book?
Sorry?
are there many sequals to alice in wonderland?
That is great, I thought the whole thing was rather curious!
ok, that's alright, let me see... what can you call one of the significant moment that occur in the book, besides alices traveling to wonderland?
Sorry?
was dinah a nice cat?
That is great, I thought the whole thing was rather curious!
no, no, can you tell me something about the character, the white rabbit?
So this rabbit, it took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket! It said 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!'. I was filled with curiosity, and followed the rabbit into a rabbit-hole under the hedge.
what does the white rabbit have?
The White Rabbit appears at the very beginning of my adventures, in chapter one of the book. It has a pocket watch and wears a waistcoat. I followed him down the rabbit hole into Wonderland. Do you want to know about the beginning of the story or do you have other questions?
what color were the rabbit's eyes?
So this rabbit, it took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket! It said 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!'. I was filled with curiosity, and followed the rabbit into a rabbit-hole under the hedge.
it was indeed a strange book. anything else you can tell me about the book?
So this rabbit, it took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket! It said 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!'. I was filled with curiosity, and followed the rabbit into a rabbit-hole under the hedge.
what happened when alice got to the bottom of the rabbit hole?
Bill was a poor little lizard with a squeaking voice. The white rabbit told Bill, 'A barrowful will do!'. The next moment, my face got hit by little pebbles which changed into cakes. I ate the cakes and began shrinking directly. I managed to get out off the house, and found an enormous puppy was looking down at me.
yeah, yeah. maybe... something about the orange marmelade
Huh?
ok, what does alice do at the rabbit's house?
I can tell you the story of Alice, that is me, in Wonderland. If you already know the story, you can ask me a specific question.
for how long did alice fell through the rabbit hole?
I followed the rabbit into a hole and found myself falling down a very deep well...I came down upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves and found myself in a long, low hall. There, on a stool, was a tiny golden key!
eh can you tell me some facts about the mad hatter?
The DRINK ME bottle did not have poison written on it, so I drank it... Then I felt myself shrinking, until I was only 10 inches high. I went to little the door, but I had left the golden key on the table, which was now too high for me. Then I found a cake, which said EAT ME.
okay and eh what can you tell me about eh the queen of heart?
The DRINK ME bottle did not have poison written on it, so I drank it... Then I felt myself shrinking, until I was only 10 inches high. I went to little the door, but I had left the golden key on the table, which was now too high for me. Then I found a cake, which said EAT ME.
